Drafting the deprecation notice for REST API. (#994)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/clients/pages/rest.adoc

cluster over HTTP using the REST approach.
See the xref:maintain-cluster:rest-api.adoc[REST API section] for details
on its usage.

[CAUTION]
.Deprecation Notice for the REST API
====

> REST API is deprecated and will be removed as of Hazelcast version 6.0. An improved version of this feature is under development.

Reviewer: Can we give an indication of when the improved version will be available? Just so people can plan ahead, and be assured that they won't be left without any REST API between v6 and the new version.

Reviewer 2: As per https://hazelcast.atlassian.net/browse/DOCS-742 should be 7.0 for removal so suggesting:

```suggestion
The REST API has been deprecated and will be removed as of Hazelcast version 7.0. An improved version of this feature is under development.
```
